OSDOCS-17406 4.22 Release Notes for P/Z (#111887)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rn-ocp-release-notes-new-features.adoc

+
Detailed information.
////
The {ibm-power-name} release on {product-title} {product-version} adds improvements and new capabilities to {product-title} components::
+
New features on {ibm-power-title} include:
+

> * Installer-provisioned infrastructure for IBM PowerVC is now generally available.

Reviewer: Why not this?
`* Installer-provisioned infrastructure for {ibm-power-vc-name} is now generally available.`

We have `ibm-power-vc-name` and `ibm-power-vc-title` defined here https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/_attributes/common-attributes.adoc#L311-L312

Author: New features on {ibm-power-name} include:
+
* Installer-provisioned infrastructure for {ibm-power-vc-name} is now generally available.
* Enforce RSA key format for Installer-provisioned infrastructure on {ibm-power-server-name}.
* Harden the destroy logic for Installer-provisioned infrastructure on {ibm-power-server-name} to simplify removing a cluster.

I have updated the PR.
cc: @mjturek @dfitzmau

> * Installer-provisioned infrastructure (IPI) for IBM PowerVC is now generally available.

Reviewer 2: Please drop "(IPI)" as per https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/term_glossary.adoc#installer-provisioned-infrastructure

Reviewer 2: New attribute needed for "IBM PowerVC"?

Author: >Please drop "(IPI)" as per https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/term_glossary.adoc#installer-provisioned-infrastructure

Done!

>New attribute needed for "IBM PowerVC"?

I have updated the PR with attributes.

* Enforce RSA key format for Installer-provisioned infrastructure (IPI) on IBM Power Virtual Server.
* Harden the destroy logic for Installer-provisioned infrastructure (IPI) on IBM Power Virtual Server to simplify removing a cluster.

[id="ocp-release-notes-ibm-z-linux-one_{context}"]
== IBM Z and IBM LinuxONE

The {ibm-z-name} and {ibm-linuxone-name} release on {product-title} {product-version} adds improvements and new capabilities to {product-title} components::
+
New features on {ibm-z-name} and {ibm-linuxone-name} include:
+
* Enables Secrets Store CSI Driver on {ibm-z-name}

> * Hosted Control Plane support for OpenShift clusters deployed on OpenShift Virtualization on {ibm-z-name} and {ibm-linuxone-name}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Hosted Control Plane support for {product-title} clusters deployed on {VirtProductName} on {ibm-z-name} and {ibm-linuxone-name}
```
